frank how sour baby of
yes very sour i think we have a whole
have left big mill but if
qualify for the oil to win
even the see tonight
Yes to be to the yourself and our customers
very moderate
we wanted a better game than theirs
but
low so many options to make them real
to hurt and we don't have them with us
grace is so so that was pretty fresh
You have also reported ulcers and
I have to say in peace
as much space as they got today
suddenly get an eredivisie in you
then it seemed like a little bit
were surprised that there was so much space
get in this actually not so good
knew what you would do with that bonus
you that space not what we actually it
all seasons will see in December
so again the case
just not yes just not and yes it does
pain must occur
you had at the press conference last night
talking about cleverness
That is also what it is not giving you
today not the smart year and year
and I believe ultimately
do you understand that it is that that
believe not all agree
no i don't understand because you are all
circumstances are there at that moment
before you
that you can strike and you have to
such as playing are like a team
and that is what we are so
I don't understand 100 very many guys
who did not give the first one at home
already taken a lot of tim with liqueur
played
you started in the basics but in it
expect yes x
yeah I hope of course a well
she cared for and barked hospitality to scared
its yes i just hoped it and
finally Sunday I got it
releasing you from a negative word
right in your eyes
yes i think i'll be right if i do
if I laugh twice or that depends on me
in its place
the trainer thought it was that too
you are doing well this season that you
good trains good plays with young ajax
you also feel that you are developing now see
this west was a confirmation and that
is nice went and yes that I still
one thing always has to work but that i do
have worked on things now in
this competition performers
has emerged so please
me there
water heater it is the largest of bad luck
the evening how is he doing
yes that is the biggest stain of the evening
pretty bad I think maybe fear
of a cruciate ligament
injury but you know how long that goes
so I'm sick with that again
honestly yes I just spoke and back
yes this was not the not happy
those who yes it is not that whole
felt good and that
scanning like having to wait does not look
very good looking
a draw or a defeat that had
ultimately because apple loses
It doesn't matter that much
more bearable no, because I think we are
must qualify today for the
We have Europa League together so you
crazy you just have to learn from this
type of competitions
yes and in the end have too few
of scholars we think this is another one
whole other group as
admit to manchester that i am so angry too
we feel like comfort and we are there temporarily
a reasonable rate still stands
if they are really there from the first minute
that in faith that it might still go on
went against Mr United and this was one
bit exactly the same as you
played well that mission that stood well
the butcher the room always with the good
people and then we actually forget
moving into pulling the first half
and was the second half so I'm